PRODUCT DETAILS: 

1. Boots Leather Classic

Our heritage, rugged 6-inch moc toe workboot selected from our design archives and crafted from the finest components available
Handsewn by skilled shoemakers using a traditional true moccasin construction
Premium-quality leathers, rawhide laces
Cushioned leather-lined insole
Genuine Vibram® Christy industrial outsole provides slip-resistance, durability and shock-absorbing cushioning for all-day comfort
Boot height: 6"
Heel height: 1 1/8"

----------------

2. Boots Lightweight WorkBoots

Soft-toe boot design. Premium full-grain leather upper for comfort and abrasion resistance. EVA midsole for lightweight cushioned comfort.

Goodyear welt construction for added durability. Electrical Hazard Protection meets ANSI Z41 PT99 standards to provide protection from open circuits. PRO 24/7 Comfort Suspension™ technology is a unique comfort system that meets the most rigorous work site demands - 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. It helps reduce foot fatigue, support the arch and cushion every step.


----------------

3. Boots Apache Heritage

The rugged 6-inch 8085 Apache Heritage features premium Copper Rough & Tough leather, chrome hardware, speed hooks, Goodyear welt construction, triple stitched quality, plus a durable Vibram® 430 Mini-lug sole for grip while maintaining the classic Iron Ranger construction and silhouette.

This leather is water, stain and perspiration resistant, and has a more natural look and feel because less finishing materials have been applied, allowing its natural beauty to shine through.

----------------

4. Casual Shoes Brown Leather Mocassins

Speciality: Light Weight And Comfortable
Color: Brown, Lifestyle: Formal, Casual
Sole : High Quality PU Sole , Technology: Adiprene +
Style: Panel and Stitch Detail
Care Instructions: Remove any dust from the surface using a clean cloth. Do Use Polish or Shiner.

----------------

5. Casual Shoes Tan Classic

Round toed tan boat shoes with two-hole lace-ups, raw-hide lacing around the mouth
Stitched seams at the toe box
Mesh inner, padded footbed with print
Rubber sole with herringbone grooves, stitched to the upper
Warranty: One year warranty against manufacturing defects only

----------------

6. Casual Shoes Tan Leather

A pair of brown casual shoes, has central lace-ups and mid-top styling
Leather upper, has padding along the mouth. Cushioned footbed. 

Textured outsole and patterned grooves

----------------

7. Formal Shoes Handmade CLASSIC Oxfords

A pair of brown formal shoes, has central lace-ups
Synthetic leather upper
Cushioned footbed
Textured outsole, has a stacked heel
Warranty: 3 months against manufacturing defect only

----------------

8. Formal Shoes Handmade Dress Shoes

100% Genuine Leather, Fringes Design
Medallion Toe
Side Lacing
Padded Insole
Anti-Skid Rubber Sole
Hand Crafted / Hand Finished

----------------

9. Formal Shoes Handmade Oxfords

Type: Quarter Brogue Formal Shoe
We use Eco Friendly colour to hand paint our shoes which is done after the shoe is crafted, this is why Brune shoes are known to be HANDMADE
Upper Material: 100% Genuine Leather (Crust Leather)
Sole Material: Hand Made Rubber Unit Sole, for all weather grip
Extra Padded insole which mould to your foot perfectly
Teakwood Shoe Horn for Easy wearability
Dust Bag to Store your shoe
Lining Material 

----------------

10. Sandals BFG

Demonstrating an eye for detail, these genuine leather sandals crafted with multiple straps, a slingback, and a Velcro closure offer unrivalled comfort and durability.
PU sole
Genuine leather upper
Velcro Fastening

Wipe with a clean, dry cloth when needed 

----------------

11. Sandals Handmade Canvas

The Teva Original Universal Sport Sandals feature a Canvas upper with a Open-Toe . The Man-Made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

----------------

12. Sandals Source

Open-toed dark brown sandals, has a toe holder, straps across the mid-foot, strap along the backfoot secured with a Velcro closure, textured outsole

----------------

13. Slippers Leather And Fur

Men's slippers -handmade real leather slipper with light&flexible antislippery sole. 100% natural materials used, no synthetic/plastic leather. Each item is made with care to offer maximum comfort and warmth.

- Real Leather
- Handcrafted in Greece
- Warm Sheepskin Inside
- Soft Antislippery Sole
- ideal for Sensitive Skin
- Antiallergic
- Perfect Gift

----------------

14. Slippers Luxury

Styled with multiple straps and complemented by Velcro closure, these stylish leather sandals are visually appealing and provide optimum comfort.

PU sole and insole
Genuine leather upper
Wipe with a clean, dry cloth when needed
Velcro Fastening

----------------

15. Slippers Luxury Liner

This smart suede slipper is stamped with subtle branding. The soft, cozy lining is made from genuine shearling or plush UGGpure™, a textile made entirely from wool but shaped to feel and wear like genuine shearling. Either version keeps feet warm and comfortable, whatever the weather.

Suede upper/genuine shearling and/or 100% UGGpure wool lining/suede sole
Shearling may be sourced from Australia, China, Italy, New Zealand, Spain or USA See packaging for confirmed country of origin

----------------

16. Sports Shoes running

Round-toed blue running shoes with low top styling and central lace-ups, has a mesh and synthetic upper, overlay and stitched detail, soft foam footbed, heel collar with pull tab feature, textured outsole

Upper: Mesh and synthetic, Sole: Rubber; Dust with a clean dry cloth

----------------

17. Sports Shoes Trainer

Round-toed navy blue and white lifestyle shoes with low top styling and central lace-ups, has a suede upper, overlay and stitched detail, padded detail along the mouth, reinforced heel collar, textured outsole

Material and Care
Upper: Suede, Sole: Rubber; Use a branded leather conditioner to clean this product

----------------

18. Sports Shoes White running

Round-toed white running shoes with low top styling and central lace-ups, has a mesh and synthetic upper, reinforced heel collar, textured outsole

Material and Care
Synthetic; Dust with a clean dry cloth

----------------
