Main front page text
---------------------
AMADEUS is a Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1851, located in Geneva and the Vallée de Joux. We design and manufacture timepieces and movements, including some of the most complicated mechanical watches. AMADEUS is considered by many experts and aficionados to be one of the most prestigious watch manufacturers. Past owners of AMADEUS watches include Pope Pius IX, Queen Victoria, Victor Emanuel III of Italy, Christian IX of Denmark.


About Us page text
---------------------
AMADEUS is a global leader in technology services FOR HOROLOGY and design consulting. We enable clients in more than 50 countries to create and execute strategies for their digital horology transformation. From engineering to application development, knowledge management and business process management, we help our clients find the right problems to solve, and to solve these effectively. Our team of 200+ innovators, across the globe, is differentiated by the imagination, knowledge and experience, across industries and technologies, that we bring to every project we undertake.

<Images>

The AMADEUS Story

In 1981, seven engineers started AMADEUS Limited with just US$250. From the beginning, the company was founded on the principle of building and implementing great ideas that drive progress for clients and enhance lives through enterprise solutions. For over three decades, we have been a company focused on bringing to life great ideas and enterprise solutions that drive progress for our clients.

We recognize the importance of nurturing relationships that reflect our culture of unwavering ethics and mutual respect. It’ll come as no surprise, then, that 96.7 percent (Q3 FY 17) of our revenues come from existing clients.

AMADEUS has a growing global presence with 200+ employees. Globally, we have 85 sales and marketing offices and 114 development centers as at March 31, 2016.

At AMADEUS, we believe our responsibilities extend beyond business. That is why we established the AMADEUS Foundation – to provide assistance to some of the more socially and economically depressed sectors of the communities in which we work. And that is why we behave ethically and honestly in all our interactions – with our clients, our partners and our employees.​​​​​​

-------------
